Okay so welcome to the bootstraps section of this cause in this section will be built on our website
use need bootstrap framework which later on in the course will use to convert to a fully responsive
custom were pressfield.
So to get started.
Head over to get bootstrapped dot.com and hit the down a bookshop book.
You've then taken to the download section.
There's three different versions of bootstrap.
You can download and go for the standard version on the left.
So hit it on a button.
So once it's downloaded if we go to the downloads and then unzip that.
Because our theme is called tranquil spa and this is the bootstrap template.
And don't call this tranquil.
Dash w.p..
No no when I say this onto the desktop.
OK so you should have already downloaded the images folder which is included in this video.
If you haven't go ahead and do that now and then drop that into obu Stop folder.
So if we open up the bootstrap folder and take a look at what's included.
So first of all we've got a successful there which includes all the bootstraps see assess both the standard
version minisite files.
There's also the Fonts folder which includes all legal if icons.
There's our own images folder which we just put in is also a javascript folder which includes the bootstrap
javascript files.
So to get started if we open up the text editor.
And then I'm going to drag in our project folder.
There were also the bootstrap folder we just downloaded includes pretty much everything we need to get
started.
The only thing I need to add for now is an index page.
So I'm going to press command and control and to create a new page.
I'm going to say this is indexed.
I hate them all.
And place inside the tranquil WP folder.
So once we got our index page when it's now head back over to get bootstrapped dot com.
And still would in the Getting Started section would scroll down a little bit further.
Until we find the basic template.
Well I want to use this as a starter template.
It includes all the basic nature structure and also the links to the bootstraps vss and Javascript.
So I'll just hit the copy one.
Back into the index page and paste it in.
So now I'm just going to change the title of the web page just a tranquil spa.
Let's hit the light preview button and see how things look in the browser.
There we go.
So it's a pretty basic template.
We just got the hello world had in what it does say was a long time we'd create creating the next page.
Okay.
So we've mentioned the extra comes with its own success files which is great for a starting point.
What we also want to make our template custom.
So were also going to add a new C Ss file.
So and when to create a new page and say that our custom.
Dot C S S are places in the C S S folder.
OK.
Now let's link this in the index page.
So as you can see there's already the link for the bootstrap mini final version.
So if we just copy this and the comments.
We can paste it just below.
And we'll call this the customer success.
And also change the file name.
Customs process.
So just one or two other things we need to link in to our Web page to get started.
So the next one is the custom fonts.
So we head over to Google and search for fonts.
I'll take to Google dot com affords lush fonts.
So once they're in there we can search on the top left the font and won't use for this web page is called
meriwether.
You can choose a different font if you have any preferences.
But I stick with this for now.
And when I select the standard meriwether.
So what we need to do we need to look at the boxes on the right hand side and click on the second box
in which is the quick use tab.
So Google provides us with different font ways we can use.
And every time we select a phone wait to download it shows us the impact on the page.
Load times.
So the fonts we're going to use in this project is the free hundred weight.
The 400 which is the normal size and also the 700 for the bold text.
And it's really easy to include into the project working just copying the link for the head section.
I pasted in below our worst CFS and I'm also going to put a comment in there.
Just for the custom fonts.
So save that and head back over to Google fonts.
And then the last thing we need to do is integrate our font into the CNS so copy the font family.
And then head over to our custom access file.
So the font family will go into the body section and we're going to start by adding a comment.
Just for the global section.
And this section will keep all the styles which we're going to be using for the site.
And we'll start with the body section.
So I'll paste in the font family.
And while worried it will add the font weight.
Love the standard form weight of 300.
And also are the font size.
To be 16 pixels are standard.
So that's how we add the fonts to the website and then the very last thing we need to do for the set
up is to go back over to Google.
And search for fonts.
Awesome.
And then go to the gettle page for fun.
And this is going to be the concert we're going to be using for our website.
If you want to check out the icons which are available just select the icons tab at the top and you
can take a look at all the different ones which are available so to download these we need to go to
get started.
So there's a couple of easy ways to include these in our project.
Were going to go with the CDMA route which simply involves copying the link.
And then paste that into our head section.
And this links our website to the font awesome icons which are hosted at this address.
So lastly when a copy the comments.
In.
And then this font awesome.
And then saves up.
Stella go susto a bootstrap section all set up and if you join me in the next video we'll continue with
the project by creating the head section.